Private data tutorial edits (#1911)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/private_data_tutorial.rst

value supplied by the owner. The appraised value is used by each participant to agree to the transfer of the asset, and is only stored in owner organization's collection. In our case, the initial appraisal value agreed by the owner is stored in the ``Org1MSPPrivateCollection``.

To purchase the asset, the buyer needs to agree to the same appraised value as the asset owner. In this step, the buyer (a member of Org2) creates an agreement to trade and agree to an appraisal value using smart contract function ``'AgreeToTransfer'``. This value is stored in ``Org2MSPPrivateCollection`` collection. Now, the asset owner can transfer the asset to the buyer using smart contract function ``'TransferAsset'``, which checks for the conditions that must be met for transfer to succeed.

Before we go through the transfer scenario, we will discuss how organizations can use private data collections in Fabric.

.. _pd-build-json:

Build a collection definition JSON file
---------------------------------------

Before a set of organizations can transact using private data on a channel, all organizations

> on channel need to build a collection definition which defines access to the private data.

Reviewer: It would be worth mentioning that this applies to explicitly defined private data collections.
Perhaps link to the "secured transfer" tutorial for people interested in using implicit organization-specific collections, so that people at least know about the option.

Also, the way the sentence is worded, it makes it sound like there is a single collection definition.  Mention that the collection definition JSON defines all the private data collections for a chaincode.

Finally, technically the collection definition specifies which org's peers have permission to retrieve and persist the private data. Mentioning 'access' makes it sound like we are talking about client access... that aspect is optional based on 'memberOnlyRead' and 'memberOnlyWrite' (as explained the below bullets).

Author: Rephrasing: Before a set of organizations can transact using private data, all organizations
on channel need to build a collection file that defines the private
data collections associated with each chaincode. Data that is stored in a private
data collection is only distributed to the peers of certain organizations instead
of all members of the channel. The collection definition file describes all of the
private data collections that organizations can read and write to from a chaincode.

further down:The same collection definition file needs to be deployed by all organizations that
use the chaincode, even if the organization does not belong to any collections. In
addition to the collections that are explicitly defined in a collection file,
each organization has access to an implicit collection on their peers that can only
be read by their organization. For an example that uses implicit data collections,
see the :doc:`secured_asset_transfer/secured_private_asset_transfer_tutorial`.

.. _pd-install-define_cc:

Deploy the private data smart contract to the channel
-----------------------------------------------------

We can now use the test network script to deploy the smart contract to the channel.
Run the following command from the test network directory.

.. code:: bash

   ./network.sh deployCC -ccn private -ccep "OR('Org1MSP.peer','Org2MSP.peer')" -cccg ../asset-transfer-private-data/chaincode-go/collections_config.json

Note that we need to pass the path to the private data collection definition file

> to the command. As part of the deploying the chaincode to the channel, both organizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the command. As part of deploying the chaincode to the channel, both organizations
```

Author: done.

> on the channel need to agree deploy the private data collection as part

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the channel must pass identical private data collection definitions as part 
```

Author: done

due to hitting the fourth block (we only increased by two blocks in transferring the asset to Org2), but rather
because when the asset transfer occurred, Org1 did not meet the ``read`` policy of the ``Org2MSPPrivateCollection``.

.. _pd-purge:

Purge Private Data
------------------

For use cases where private data only needs to be on the ledger until it can be

> replicated into an off-chain database, it is possible to "purge" the data after

Reviewer: replication to an off-chain database is one use case, but there are other use cases. So perhaps say something more general like, e.g.
"In some cases private data only needs to be persisted for a short time, for example while a multi-party business process is in progress, or until the data is replicated into an off-chain database"...

Author: For use cases where private data only needs to be persisted for a short period of time,
it is possible to "purge" the data after a certain set number of blocks, leaving
behind only hash of the data that serves as immutable evidence of the transaction.
An organization could decide to purge private data if the data contained sensitive
information that was used by another transaction, but is not longer needed, or
if the data is being replicated into an off-chain database.

> a certain set number of blocks, leaving behind only hash of the data that serves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a certain set number of blocks, leaving behind only a hash of the data that serves
```

Author: done.

as immutable evidence of the transaction.

There may be private data including personal or confidential
information, such as the ``appraisedValue`` data in our example, that the transacting

> parties don't want disclosed to other organizations on the channel. Thus, it

Reviewer: Private data in a collection is never disclosed to non-member peers, so I wouldn't say that is the reason to purge it.
Focus on the limited lifespan aspect.  The appraisedValue scenario is good, as you may want some time limit on the agreement (of course, number of blocks is a very rough way to specify time).

Author: The ``appraisedValue`` data in our example contains a private agreement that
the organization may want to expire after a certain period of time. Thus, it
has a limited lifespan, and can be purged after existing unchanged on the
blockchain for a designated number of blocks using the ``blockToLive`` property
in the collection definition.

has a limited lifespan, and can be purged after existing unchanged on the
blockchain for a designated number of blocks using the ``blockToLive`` property
in the collection definition.

The ``Org2MSPPrivateCollection`` definition has a ``blockToLive``
property value of ``3``, meaning this data will live on the side database for
three blocks and then after that it will get purged. If we create additional
blocks on the channel, the appraisedValue agreed to by Org2 will eventually

> get purged. We can create 3 new blocks to demostrate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get purged. We can create 3 new blocks to demonstrate:
```

Author: done
